everyone set up which is great for it
for will delete and what they've been
using early on to win games he also now
got some hardened get you got to
civility irie again i like the
conversation he's done individually this
get theirs to tell you or that maybe the
chance to level six girl has to well so
be cool what a shorted first one team
yeah there really is Lee's about some
fine spirit oh he comes in yellow bird
damage on the spirit doesn't get knocked
up Lee in trouble there's a kill going
over he came in through the river but
thanks to the pressure that's that
they've built up cures now courts yet
but dragon goes to well delete sites on
Smith sir Thurgood be you know a little
bit of a dual the midland epsilon a lot
of trouble is he gonna be able to get
our pots at ultimate doesn't look like a
nice start finding and that try and burn
his ultimate so we can't get that
engaged Kuro however taking a lot of
damage yeah she chasing him down can you
get away curl with some thai sauce is
how she in trouble she manages to get
the kill out of crew have the damage on
this top side maybe of smith had that
blast you want had that rod of ages but
at this point that is a massive massive
lead opaque they're so far ahead of g
right now there's a catch on this map
you know fear comes in to stock up on
the prey onslaught of shadows comes
through doesn't hit the ad carry and now
the exhaust on toluca GE trying to turn
this one around curl manages to pick up
to kill the Chia responds in kind with a
double though things are not going well
for GE Tigers a double kill for mystic
prey on his own a double kill now for
Kuro though and it is a bloody battle
the GE Tigers looks like they'll barely
and that is an ace spirit and she is
survived can they take to strike and
either way a big win for w/e uh yeah it
feels like they will be able to take the
dragon actually even going that even in
the fight was good for GE because
they'll be able to get some gold and to
lay this game even longer but yeah they
nearly cleaned that one up skirt with a
great engage got on to pray early with
the early not lead to this game only one
tower taken don't we go curl coming in
trying to make something happen spirit
snap going into the back lines can GE
follow this up mystic still in a great
spot doing so much damage smeb just not
taking up to take all that down from
super onslaught of shadows three caught
out again into that's him wow that could
certainly be it is certainly going to be
an inhibitor at least I can't believe it
I mean this is a GE Tigers we've frankly
never seen before GE Tigers are on paw
to lose the same number of games to
World elite in a base of three than they
had oh yeah their turret number one
Angie just does not have the strength to
keep w/e from taking this inhibitor and
possibly a lot more they simply don't
have the damn Tigers and we're looking
at them now taking down another
inhibitor turret GE has like one more
fight in here it is also two shadows a
huge ultimate from Aluko and the rest of
w/e coming it just pushing back to GE
Tigers so easily three kills it is over
there goes another inhibitor and against
all odds against the predictions of
basically everybody in League of Legends
w/e is poised to win this match and go
to the grand finals against TSM here
they go they go for the nexus turret
number one goes down Oh
with girl left to stand behind them and
save that perfect record for the GE
Tigers I don't think they can do it the
world's best team is people by China
once I can't leave it there it is lazy
what an incredible result and this
tournament has just been chock full of
surprises of these upsets and that's it
the best of three the first time that we
have seen the GE Tigers lose a best of
series w/e comes in here with their new
players no synergy no experience and
takes out an undefeated Korean team
absolutely incredible the expert disc
said at the beginning of the series that
this has been the tournament of upsets
the underdog has reigned supreme thank
you gentlemen for that one because it is
so true while this is gonna shake up the
LPL that's gonna shake up OGN champions
quite a bit I think it's gonna be very
interesting to see how the rest of the
season shake up in these regions and
honestly I have no freaking clue who's
going to win the final no nothing is
predictable anymore it's been on such a
wild ride oh it's gonna be great though
TSM vs. w/e that is going to be an
awesome finals let's take it over to the
experts us to a breakdown that crazy man
you